[SDK-3858] Add documentation for modular variant of library (#1502)
ably/ably-js: README.md

If that doesn't work for some reason (e.g. you are using a custom webpack target), you can reference the `ably.js` static file directly: `require('ably/build/ably.js');` (or `import * as Ably from 'ably/build/ably.js'` for typescript / ES6 modules).

#### Modular (tree-shakable) variant

> Aimed at those who are concerned about their app’s bundle size, the modular variant of the library allows you to create a client which has only the functionality that you choose. Unused functionality can then be tree-shaken by your module bundler.

Reviewer: I do think we should emphasise here that the API is the same as for the default clients, and be explicit that you can develop an application with a default client and then switch over to the modular client only when you want to start using it in production.

Reviewer: I also think it's worth being clear here exactly what's required for a working realtime client, ie at least one transport and at least one http client

Author: > I do think we should emphasise here that the API is the same as for the default clients, and be explicit that you can develop an application with a default client and then switch over to the modular client only when you want to start using it in production.

Done.

> I also think it's worth being clear here exactly what's required for a working realtime client, ie at least one transport and at least one http client

I already mentioned this in the typings (and hence the TypeDoc docs), but have added it to the README too.

> To use this variant of the library, import `ably/modules`. It exposes a `BaseRealtime` export, as well as various modules that provide functionality, such as `Rest`, `RealtimePresence`, etc. To create a client, choose which modules you wish to use and pass them to the constructor:

Reviewer: I don't like "import `ably/modules`" as a clause, it feels a bit imprecise to me? I tried to rewrite the paragraph to avoid it, but I still don't love it.

```suggestion
To use this variant of the library, import the `BaseRealtime` class from `ably/modules`, along with the additional modules you wish to use. Various modules such as `Rest`, `RealtimePresence`, etc. are available. To create a client, simply pass the additional modules to the `BaseRealtime` constructor as shown in the example below:
```

Author: I've tweaked the wording based on your suggestion; see what you think.

```javascript
import { BaseRealtime, WebSocketTransport, FetchRequest, RealtimePresence } from 'ably/modules';

> const options = { key: 'foo' /* Replace with a real key from the Ably dashboard */ };

Author: Thanks, have updated it.

#### Modular (tree-shakable) variant

Aimed at those who are concerned about their app’s bundle size, the modular variant of the library allows you to create a client which has only the functionality that you choose. Unused functionality can then be tree-shaken by your module bundler.

The modular variant of the library provides:

- a `BaseRealtime` class;
- various modules that add functionality to a `BaseRealtime` instance, such as `Rest`, `RealtimePresence`, etc.

To use this variant of the library, import the `BaseRealtime` class from `ably/modules`, along with the modules that you wish to use. Then, pass these modules to the `BaseRealtime` constructor as shown in the example below:

```javascript
import { BaseRealtime, WebSocketTransport, FetchRequest, RealtimePresence } from 'ably/modules';

const options = { key: 'YOUR_ABLY_API_KEY' /* Replace with a real key from the Ably dashboard */ };
const client = new BaseRealtime(options, {
  WebSocketTransport,
  FetchRequest,
  RealtimePresence
});
```

> You must at least provide:
> 
> - one HTTP request implementation; that is, one of `FetchRequest` or `XHRRequest`;
> - one realtime transport implementation; that is, one of `WebSocketTransport`, `XHRStreaming`, or `XHRPolling`.

Reviewer: hard to explain why i think this is better, but:
```suggestion
You must provide:

- at least one HTTP request implementation; that is, one of `FetchRequest` or `XHRRequest`;
- at least one realtime transport implementation; that is, one of `WebSocketTransport`, `XHRStreaming`, or `XHRPolling`.
```

Author: Yeah, I agree it reads better — will change.
